---
layout: default
wide: false
title: Conference and Journal Listing
comments: false
div_class: vita
---

Go back of listing of "Links":{{ site.baseurl }}/links/

h3. Publication Venues

This is a list of possible publication venues sorted by topics of my research interests.
(Some of the conference/journals may overlap in focus areas)

---
h4. **Robotics and Automation**

- **RSS** := Annual Conference in June with deadline in January. "Link":http://www.roboticsconference.org/    

- **IROS** := Annual Conference in Oct/Nov with deadline in March."Link":http://www.ieee-ras.org/conferences-workshops

- **CASE** := Annual Conference in August with deadline in Feb/March."Link":http://www.ieee-ras.org/conferences-workshops

- **ICRA** := Annual Conference in May/June with deadline in Sept. of previous year. "Link":http://www.ieee-ras.org/conferences-workshops

- **WAFR** := Biennial conference organised by "IFRR":http://www.ifrr.org/  

- **ISRR/ISER** := Annual conferences organised by "IFRR":http://www.ifrr.org/.  

---
h4. **Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and Pattern Recognition**

- **NIPS** := Annual Conference on Information Processing (ML, AI and algorithms). Conference in Dec. and Deadline in early June. "Link":http://nips.cc/

- **ICML** := Conference cum Journal on a variety of Machine Learning topics and applications. "Link":http://icml.cc/

- **IJCAI** := Biennial conference on Artificial Intelligence."Link":http://ijcai.org/

- **T-PAMI** := Monthly Journal pattern analysis and macine intelligence. "Link":http://www.computer.org/portal/web/tpami/home

- **AAAI** := Annual Confenrce on AI in America. "Link":http://www.aaai.org/Conferences/AAAI/aaai.php

- **UAI** := Conference focused on knowledge representation, learning and reasoning under uncertainty. "Link":http://auai.org/

---
h4. **Interface of Engineering and Medicine**

- **EMBC** := Annual Conference in summer for translational research. "Link":http://www.embs.org/conferences-meetings

- **Hamlyn Symposium** := Annual Symposium on Medical Robotics in London, UK. Deadline in January for summer conference "Link":http://www.hamlyn-robotics.org/

- **Medical Physics** := Journal for radiantion oncology research apart from other topics. "MedPhys Home":http://online.medphys.org/, "Submission Portal":http://medphys.peerx-press.org/cgi-bin/main.plex

---

Some Live deadlines are maintained here: "academic countdown":http://www.academiccountdown.com/

If you'd like to see a removal or rearrangement, "email me (Contact Animesh)":mailto:garg.animesh@gmail.com. 


<div class="footer">
&copy; Last updated on: 05 July 2013
</div>

