---
layout: default
wide: false
title: Other Blogs & Websites
comments: true
---

Here is a list of some interesting acedemic blogs.
* Computer vision
**(inset) "Quantombone":http://quantombone.blogspot.com/
  "The philosophy of computational object recognition, scene understanding, machine learning, and musings on the future of computer vision" from "Tomasz Malisiewicz":http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~tmalisie/ at CMU.
**(inset) "Computer Blindness":http://computerblindness.blogspot.com/
  The research blog of "Roman Shapovalov":http://shapovalov.ro/ at the Moscow State University.
**(inset) "Learning in Vision":http://vimsu99.blogspot.com/
  Vidit Jain's (Yahoo! Labs) blog on computer vision, with a focus on information retrieval.
* General machine learning
  **(inset) "Please Scoop Me":http://pleasescoopme.com/
    Jonathan Chang has good posts about topic models and random statistical visualizations.
  **(inset) "Inductio Ex Machine":http://mark.reid.name/iem/
    Mark Reid's research blog on machine learning and statistical inference.
  **(inset) "Inherent Uncertainty":http://www.inherentuncertainty.org/
    Jake Abernethy (and some other mostly Berkeley ML people) post "a range of thoughts on Learning and Game-playing, Prediction and Decision-making."
  **(inset) "Hunch: Machine Learning Theory":http://hunch.net/
    John Langford's blog.
* Robotics  
  **(inset) "Robot Zeitgeist":http://robotzeitgeist.com/ 
	This is a general news blog covering Robotics, AI, Machine Learning and Computer Vision.  
  **(inset) "SurgRob":http://surgrob.blogspot.com/  
    This is a news blog listing info on developments in medical and surgical robotics.

* "Readings for students in AI":http://reason.cs.uiuc.edu/eyal/for-students/reading.html

A number of these links are courtsey "Sergey Karayev":http://sergeykarayev.com/
If you'd like to see an addition to this list, please post a comment below. If you'd like to see a removal, email me.